Who starts ?
so then we can look at th at the agenda for this meeting .
Well in we will just have a look at the at the notes from the previous meeting , what we thought we had dec decided .
then we will look at the three presentations from you .
we will look at th the new project requirements
and I will have a look if
Well then we can make some decisions about our remote control functions .
We have to deb we have to decide it in this meeting what our function will be .
We should make it compatible with our new DVD and other releases we have , our technical releases .
not too many one buttons .
to start with these points .
next sheet ?
So we have to focus on those three thing three things .
So it is very important that you design a a nice looking control .
Well we will have a look at it , yeah .
you should You should could take a look at it and and and know how it how it is supposed to work .
Well maybe for the If you do not recognise a button who d who d who do I call wh when I do not know it ?
It sh it should be there , the manual .
Well we will have a look .
Next point .
Yeah well it is your your task to look into the costs of those
I think it is sensible to u to take this take these points into the notes .
Okay , how do you enlarge it , so that you can have the
Click .
if you have the most used buttons all in one place , and you keep making the same well moves .
Like some little Gameboy things or some
but if you s say them up and down
Then Mike can give the third presentation .
so But we do have to come to a decision , right later on .
Well , I thought that we reduce the the option to control the DVD also , and teletext and that kind of stuff .
So we can can yeah customise the
but i th they all have to have something about the recognition from our company .
Like eject we do not need , and some other buttons we do not need .
So we have to decide on the different remote control functions .
We do not want them to look like a calculator .
but you do not have to throw important aspe important aspect like familiarity completely away ,
It it needs to be calibrated again .
Alright , we have to make a decision now , because we do not have much time .
They they need to be centred .
And should and should be red .
You can make it wider and less wide .
And the button that you can go to AV for your video .
But you you can put two or three buttons under another section .
Or at the top .
You can just put it somewhere
you have one one button from s set frequency o or something , and then with plus and min
And and the settings to change the brightness the settings to change the brightness and the contrast .
We are going to go to our rooms , and we will have to decide s things on our own I think .
