Well I will start just with another presentation ,
Well I think we should show them before your presentations ,
And then we can discuss some more closely .
now I will look at show this board .
now the new project requirements , I will just show them .
Maybe a new sort of thing , but n but not teletext .
But let is forget about it .
so we have to go on .
So we have to use maybe a slogan , maybe a colour , and
So maybe that is a slogan we can put somewhere on our remote control or something .
You want to start ?
I think I have to start .
Well s then start .
Well , I am going to tell you something about functional requirements .
at first I tell you something about what people dislike about the current controls ,
then I tell something about the most important issues .
And in the end I will show you our target audience or our target product users , customers .
so we might think about fronts in that section .
So it is really important to make the the buttons for the common tasks kind of big or kind of flashy .
Thus it might be might be smart to make a a big zapping button or something in the middle , so you can reach it with your thumb .
You can zap away .
So it might be sensible to make some kind of a button on your television , that is your your control beeps or something , that you can find this very easily .
It should actually It should actually be loose from the television ,
I think our user expert should also consider manual a manual for the remote , of course .
I think you should put more time in the in the design of pick up and use , than a manual .
So it is better to put our attention to the the design .
we can say to some writer make a manual point .
If we make lots of of the stuff , maybe we can buy it very cheap , I dunno .
Well we will consider it .
No , we will look we will look into that later .
Well we will consider both and and see what what what we can find , I think .
Shall I give a technical talk ?
Well go ahead .
And I then can select I can select on the dings
Maybe you can select it .
Yeah , go ahead .
So we have to change a little bit to that ,
Can I say something ?
But I think it is very important to make the power , channel and volume buttons near to the thumb , so you ca not have RSI consequences .
Make them big , make them easy to to press .
Maybe you can make , for for channel changing , two little buttons on the side of the remote , so you can just do like this .
but the most important buttons m maybe you can just put them a bit apart
you can make make a double feature l like a button on the top and under it .
Right , continue .
But in e in any case the the basic function should be indeed , and as you say at the thumb .
and and that the less important buttons , like the the the different channels , the numbers one
I think we should go further with the idea of a removable front .
Or you can you can can put the same symbol on on every remote .
We can put it on the on the back side .
But let is not focus on the front .
Yeah , I will .
Mike , can you put that picture from me on the in the Word documents file ?
We should go with that concept I think .
I have I have got another point .
So we must must design a control that really speaks to the people .
Here , look at these numbers .
It it could be such a little th that you can click in and out and you and you have it .
we should keep that simple too .
or or just integrate inside to try to make it d more trendy .
something like on some radios in car .
just at at the top .
I think it should be at the top .
RDSs or something .
but we are we will have to look into that .
we can use this board again , I think .
we can put some decisions about the controls we want , th the issue .
We should have a general idea of how it is going to look .
Should not we start with the most important parts ?
but we should start with the power button ?
Maybe we should centralise the discussion here .
We will draw two , and then we will see
But you just can put the the the the the whole interface a bit down ,
Maybe a bic better white We White ?
Well let is talk about that later
Maybe you should another pen .
I think it should be at the button , bottom .
Well but what what if we we first decide the different functions , and then look at the design .
yeah we should summon the the different aspects of the thing .
And moreover I think that you two should be come to consensus about the LCD s .
Alright , let is keep it central .
I think we we should use something like this to The the channel up and channel down button ?
Well let is look at your design .
as I already said , we could drop some of these buttons .
You should put that power button , channel and volume should have the most importance .
I think these should be in one big circle in the middle .
So it might be smarter to put them a little more away from each other .
So the the channel channel buttons should be far far apart , I think , up and down .
Y look at look at the frequency .
Right , just make some decisions .
how are we going to do it with those numbers ?
We can use the drawing board now , I think .
Just you decide that , you decide that ,
Well what if we are going to now decide about the functions , and the design comes into the next round ?
I do think we have to put that underneath a clip .
We we can make make a little row of like four buttons down here .
Well and and I think more at the bottom .
I think things like contrast and brightness should be in the menu ,
Or the volume or something like that .
